{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 TimesNewRomanPSMT;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16660\viewh18420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 <<!DOCTYPE html>\
<html lang="en">\
<head>\
    <meta charset="UTF-8">\
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0">\
    <title>Evolution of NASA</title>\
</head>\
<body>\
    <h2>Evolution of NASA</h2>\
\
    <h3>Source 1</h3>\
    <table border="1">\
        <tr><td>URL</td><td><a href="
\f1 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
www.nasa.gov/specials/60counting/spaceflight.html.
\f2  
\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 </a></td></tr>\
        <tr><td>Site Author</td><td>NASA</td></tr>\
        <tr><td>Abstract</td><td>This NASA webpage offers an insight into the 60-year evolution of space exploration technology. NASA was founded in 1958, progressing in every decade from getting the first man on the moon to putting rovers on Mars. There is a ton of groundbreaking tech ranging from robotics, propulsion, data systems, and satellites. Key achievements also need to be highlighted, such as the Apollo program, space shuttle, era, and Mars exploration missions. NASA focuses on deep space exploration, lunar missions through the Artemis missions, as well as collaborations with companies such as SpaceX. NASA continues to innovate tech not only in space but through everyday life on Earth, shaping a future for the science and technology of today.</td></tr>\
    </table>\
\
    <h3>Source 2</h3>\
    <table border="1">\
        <tr><td>URL</td><td><a href="{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.nasa.gov/science-research/astrophysics/origin-evolution-of-the-universe/"}}{\fldrslt https://www.nasa.gov/science-research/astrophysics/origin-evolution-of-the-universe/}}/a></td></tr>\
        <tr><td>Site Author</td><td>NASA</td></tr>\
        <tr><td>Abstract</td><td>This webpage offers insight from NASA on \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
the origin of the universe, going into greater detail on the Big Bang Theory NASA has studied the cosmic background, galaxy formation, and expansion of the universe. While they do not have a full understanding of everything in the world it is safe to say that it is an interesting read. These things have been studied through advanced technology such as the Hubble and James Webb Space Telescope. The research of NASA continues to shock the minds of scientists.\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 </td></tr>\
    </table>\
</body>\
</html>\
\
}